# LibNeubot 3.0.0 [2014-05-04]
* Rewrite NeubotPollable now that I know that, in C++, a structure can
  inherit from a class. As a result, the FooState structure is now gone
  and the API now looks like v1.0 again. That is, again the poller is
  passed to the Pollable constructor, not to init().
* Related to the previous change: clarified that the Pollable main
  purpose is to allow experiments in which Neubot uses LibNeubot.
* Related to the previous change: crank major (we're now at API 3.0).
* Take advantage of the API 3.0 cranking and install the headers
  at a different location (<neubot.h> becomes <libneubot/neubot.h>).
* Add (but do not use yet) joyent/http-parser as submodule.
* Update the OpenBSD port and fix the code accordingly (mainly cases
  in which mixed libevent 1.4 and 2.0 headers were being used).
* Related to the previous change: update README to better clarify
  which are the dependencies.
* Deprecate gen_cxx and neubot.hh, now that it's clear that the code
  will be written in C++ to ease the interaction with SWIG.
* Move testing code in `test/`.
* Significant improvements in gen_python, which now enforces the
  type safety (i.e., you can only pass to Pollable_foo() an instance
  of the Python Pollable class), and in general produces much
  less bloated and more pythonic Python code.
* Related to the previous change: half of the unit test is now gone
  because it was not typesafe (we passed integers to functions in
  hope that they were pointer to the right C/C++ objects).
* More minor changes, fixes and tweaks.

# LibNeubot 2.0.0 [2014-04-11]
* Add Android.mk to compile a static library for Android
* Remove the unused LibNeubot.java/gen_java thing
* Reimplement NeubotPollable using C++ and write C wrappers to
  provide a similar API (however, the arguments of the constructor
  and of attach() were changed, hence the API bump)
* Move Java code that was autogenerated with SWIG into the
  neubot/neubot_android repository
* Make sure gen_cxx generates code that works on Android: correct
  the order of the generated classes, replace the nonworking cast with
 the invocation of the ->pointer() method
* Unify gen_py/gen_python and libneubot.py/libneubot1.py: now
  gen_python generates a libneubot.py file that contains the old
  stuff plus the stuff that was in libneubot1.py, moreover, the
  gen_py script and libneubot1.py were removed
* Regen libneubot_python
* Make sure shared C functions (e.g., log.h and utils.h) are
  correctly exported to C++
* While bumping the API, unbreak the resolve() API
* While touching the Pollable, reimplement timeouts using
  the support provided by libevent
* Realize that the destruction of objects must flow from the
  derived classes to the base classes (as C++ does) not the
  other way round (as PyNeubot does)
* Add some defines needed to compile on Android
* Export the logs to the logcat to ease the debugging

# LibNeubot 1.0.1 [2014-02-18]
* Tweak gen_cxx to generate code that SWIG can handle
* Use SWIG to generate Java and Python wrappers

# LibNeubot 1.0.0 [2013-12-15]
* Return status_t in NeubotPoller_defer_{read,write}
* Pass opaque, not pollable, to NeubotPollable callbacks
* libneubot.json: Add and use hooks, slots and __destructor__
* Add easier-to-use libneubot1.py wrappers
* Add neubot.hh, wrappers for C++

LibNeubot 0.1.0 [2013-12-12]
* Initial release
